It has been established in the lithium-ion battery (LIB) community
layered two-dimensional nanomaterials are efﬁcient structures for the reversible storage of Li+. 
The common graphite anode is a good example. 
Graphite, however, comes with the disadvantage of its capacity being limited by the LiC6 stoichiometry (372 mAh g− 1). 
There is, therefore, a strong motivation to search for high-capacity alternatives to graphite. 
MoS2, a layered transition-metal dichalcogen- ide, has drawn the most interest. 
MoS2 consists of a layer of hexagonally packed Mo atoms between two S layers, which is repeated ad inﬁnitum. 
The Mo–S interaction is covalent in character and strong
whereas the interaction between adjacent S layers is governed by weak van der Waals forces
MoS2 has to be suitably exfoliated to be an effective Li+ storage host. 
Exfoliated MoS2 has shown a capacity of ~ 950 mAh g− 1 at 50 mA g− 1 for at least 100 cycles
The electrochemical performance of MoS2 can be further improved by the formation of a composite with graphene.
 Graphene (G), an intrinsic two-dimensional material, 
is often introduced during the MoS2 synthesis to guide the formation of MoS2 sheets and create a sheet-on-sheet or sheets-on-sheets heterostructure. 
The compatible geometry between transition-metal dichalcogenide and graphene 
eads to a stable composite with good conductivity and very little capacity fading during charge and discharge operations.
 Previous studies have suggested that 
the electrochemical performance of MoS2/ graphene composites as a LIB anode material 
is strongly dependent on the structure, especially the layer thickness.
 MoS2/graphene composites with different layer thicknesses could be formed by hydrothermal synthesis or reﬂux methods.
The  composites  with better performance can deliver a capacity of 1000–1200 mAh g− 1 at 0.1 A g− 1 and ~ 700–800 mAh g− 1 at 1 A g− 1. 
After years of development, the improvement of the electrochemical perfor-  mance of MoS2 through structural modiﬁcations has probably reached its limits. 
Further improvements of the Li+ storage properties of MoS2 would have to be based on an understanding of the Li+ storage mechanism in MoS2.
 The reactions involved in the storage process are still  not  well  understood,  
although  more  is  known  today than was known previously. 
There is  increasing  evidence  for  MoS2 decomposition when it is discharged (lithiated) below 1.1 V vs Li/Li+ (MoS2+4Li+ → Mo+2Li2S).
The reaction is irreversible and yields Li2S and Mo. Subsequent charging and discharging, therefore, cycles the battery like a Li-S cell 
 Amazingly, the ‘Li-S cell’ formed as such is free from some of the greatest challenges in the Li-S system: 
the low conductivity of S and the notorious polysulﬁde shuttle effect during discharge and charge. 
Although a MoS2-derived Li-S cathode does not have the high gravimetric capacity of S
its capacity fading is signiﬁcantly lower than that of a typical Li-S cell. 
It is believed that the Mo from MoS2 decomposition contribute to the increase in conductivity of an otherwise insulating Li2S matrix. 
Disperse Mo atoms may also act as pinning sites for the polysulﬁdes to suppress their migration from the cathode.
 The capacity of MoS2 based on the eaction is, 
theoretically, 669 mAh g− 1. The experi- mentally measured speciﬁc capacities are often larger than this value, 
with the extra capacity often attributed to the association of Li+ with Mo.
 A recent review article noted that nanostructured molybde- num particles may also participate in the lithiation reaction to some extent, 
serving as physical adsorption sites for the Li ions.
Such a property may not be unique to Mo, 
and it is likely that other metal nanoparticles or even nanoclusters (NCs), may also associate with Li+.
 We report here a further modiﬁcation of the MoS2/graphene Li+ storage system 
based on the current understanding of the storage mechanism and the additional presence of a small amount (1 wt%) of Ag NCs.
The new ternary composite prepared in this way, denoted as MoS2/G/Ag, 
showed by far the best performance among the MoS2 family of LIB anodes
The Ag NCs used in our design are small  Ag nanoparticles 
hat have been reported to display molecular-like properties and some promising features for a wide range of applications
Ag NCs were chosen for a number of reasons
including (1) the strong binding between Ag and S, 
(2) the large surface area of NCs compared with nanoparticles, 
which could reduce the usage of Ag, and
 the fact that the small size of Ag NCs may allow them to be inserted into the gallery space between the MoS2 layer and the graphene layer. 
The measured high-capacity and high- rate performance of the MoS2/G/Ag composite aptly 
demonstrated the effectiveness of the NC modiﬁcation in enhancing the performance of transition-metal dichalcogenide-based LIB anode materials. 
The Ag NC enhancement effects, including the immobilization of S, 
the association of Li+, and the increase in the distance between the graphene sheets 
,are presented in detail in the following section.

